is it still against the rules to talk about Welcoming people to the stream my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about WTTS abbreviation my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Getting shot my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Saying Kadeem has a favourite game  my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Anything to do with Harry Potter even if Kadeem himself starts talking ABOUT it!!! my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Kadeem’s clothing my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Religion my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Debates about racism even if you are saying racism is bad my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Foreign languages my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Iphone 4 my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Kadeem’s computer my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Kadeem’s chair especially “BONZY HOME” my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Kadeem’s X factor performance. my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Using Kadeem’s name in your chat name or any of his angry catchphrases my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Asking KADEEM how his day was my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Talking about people with scary disabilities LIKE having no FACE MUSCLES my friend?
is it still against the rules to talk about Telling KADEEM “NOBODY asked you that???????” my friend?
DO NOT comment on the setting of the game KADEEM is playing eg whether it is full screen OR windowed!!!
talking about Talking about kids in ANY context!!!!!!!!!!!!! is against the rules
talking about SAYING Kadeem LOOKS MAD is against the rules
talking about Saying SILENT Hill is a children’s game EVEN IF KADEEM says all GAMES except LEAGUE ARE CHILDRENS’S games!!!!!! is against the rules
talking about Asking Kadeem to LIST NAMES OF places, like listing all the CONTINANTS is against the rules
talking about Saying you have BEEN TIMED OUT in chat even if it is TRUE is against the rules
talking about Talking ABOUT gangs is against the rules
talking about Talking about CALVIN too much!!!! is against the rules
talking about Ghosts!!!!! is against the rules
talking about TALKING about the DARK WEB!!!!! is against the rules
talking about EMOTE chains!!!! is against the rules
talking about Any AND ALL discussion of the Leafy Moon is against the rules
talking about Saying the Anime desktop girl has FEATHERS like a pigeon!!! is against the rules
talking about Mad STUDYING Kadeem's guitar :guitar: case!!! is against the rules
my friend do not talk about Calling Kadeem a forgiving god AND not a dark lord BECAUSE IT MAKES him look like a pussy!! it is bad
my friend do not talk about Saying "AIDS POSITIVE" in response to KADEEM telling YOU or another to be positive!!! it is bad
my friend do not talk about Playing PATH OF EXILE because it means you killing DARKNESS creatures!!! it is bad
my friend do not talk about TALKING about POWER it is bad
my friend do not talk about Talking ABOUT space it is bad
my friend do not talk about Asking how ELON MUSK and JEFF BEZOS would start a new population in SPACE!! it is bad
my friend do not talk about Saying JANUARY 1991!! it is bad
my friend do not talk about Telling THE WORLD what is happening with KADEEM!! it is bad
my friend do not talk about DISCUSSING the pizza :pizza: INCIDENT it is bad
my friend do not talk about COVID19!!! it is bad
